Safari release (#1181)
OctoLinker/OctoLinker: safari/app-store-description.txt

OctoLinker is a browser extension for GitHub, that turns language-specific statements like include require or import into links.

OctoLinker reads the source code you're currently viewing straight from the browser or, in some cases, using the GitHub API.

No source code will ever be sent to a server! Your source code stays in your browser.

Based on the file type, OctoLinker invokes a plugin which then executes a regular expression on the source code to find import statements.

Relative file references are resolved through the GitHub tree API in your browser. External dependencies are resolved using the OctoLinker API.

> Only the name of a dependency along with the registry type is sent to this service.

Author: I suggest having a single copy-pastable description that every store uses because they all have different copy now, with Chrome’s copy including some duplicate/non-clickable links.

I copied this text from the website. 

File named like https://github.com/sindresorhus/refined-github/commit/d185f27dabd85aa4b7c3f61a3f9d5ca9c6c40c1d#diff-4810e2862897d3e19bd39b745d6adae0c80afac122abf4e2aa2b845a9649fd5a

Reviewer: Totally agree. I made some suggestions and once we agreed on the copy I'll update all the other store listings.

> OctoLinker reads the source code you're currently viewing straight from the browser or, in some cases, using the GitHub API.
> 
> No source code will ever be sent to a server! Your source code stays in your browser.
> 
> Based on the file type, OctoLinker invokes a plugin which then executes a regular expression on the source code to find import statements.
> 
> Relative file references are resolved through the GitHub tree API in your browser. External dependencies are resolved using the OctoLinker API.
> 
> Only the name of a dependency along with the registry type is sent to this service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How does it work?

OctoLinker reads the source code you're currently viewing straight from the browser. 

No source code will ever be sent to a server! Your source code stays in your browser. 

Based on the file type, OctoLinker invokes a plugin which then executes a regular expression on the source code to find import statements.

Relative file references are resolved through the GitHub tree API in your browser. External dependencies are resolved using the OctoLinker API (http://github.com/octoLinker/api).

Only the name of a dependency along with the registry type is sent to this service.
```

> OctoLinker is the easiest and best way to navigate between files and projects on GitHub. It turns language-specific statements like include, require or import into links. It supports a variety of languages such as JavaScript, Ruby, Go, PHP, JAVA and more. It works with package.json as well as with Gemfiles.

Author: It might be worth adding a full list of supported tools and languages at the bottom so that people searching for "npm" will find it

How does it work?

OctoLinker reads the source code you're currently viewing straight from the browser. 

No source code will ever be sent to a server! Your source code stays in your browser. 

Based on the file type, OctoLinker invokes a plugin which then executes a regular expression on the source code to find import statements.

Relative file references are resolved through the GitHub tree API in your browser. External dependencies are resolved using the OctoLinker API (http://github.com/octoLinker/api).

> Only the name of a dependency along with the registry type is sent to this service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only the name of a dependency along with the registry type is sent to this service.

Supported tools and languages

composer, CSS, Deno, docker, dotnet, go, Haskell, Homebrew, HTML, Java, JavaScript, less, nodejs, npm, Paket, PHP, python, Rlang, Ruby, RubyGems, Rust, Sass, TypeScript, Vim, .Net
```

> Only the name of a dependency along with the registry type is sent to this service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only the name of a dependency along with the registry type is sent to this service.

Supported tools and languages:

composer, CSS, Deno, docker, dotnet, go, Haskell, Homebrew, HTML, Java, JavaScript, less, nodejs, npm, Paket, PHP, python, Rlang, Ruby, RubyGems, Rust, Sass, TypeScript, Vim, .Net
```
```
